Update set-up-phone-system-voicemail.md (#7857)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/set-up-phone-system-voicemail.md

    > - [Configuring and managing templates for Azure Information Protection](/information-protection/deploy-use/configure-policy-templates)
    > - [Do Not Forward option for emails](/information-protection/deploy-use/configure-usage-rights#do-not-forward-option-for-emails)

    > [!NOTE]

>     > For users, enterprises, and organizations that want the Voicemail form to appear, the following registry key needs to be set: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > You need to set the following registry key for users, enterprises, and organizations that want the Voicemail form to appear: 
```
